Secret Service agents aim Simms has a
style all his own
Sam's what is that this is a black-tie
affair I know certain I got a cover I'm
black and when it's at but now he's
facing his most dangerous assignment
protecting himself from the president's
son
definitely the most powerful kid in the
universe just a kid how bad can it be
so you like snakes guarding America's
first kid unlock the door
can be the world's worst job how many
times is mr. Simms been left back but
being the first kid school dances Friday
do you want to come is even tougher you
think you're better than everyone I
can't allow you off the grounds what are
you doing down here I don't have any
friends you can't keep it kid locked up
in his room
can't seems oh man so he can't dance oh
I'm double-o Simms I know how to get us
out of here
you got a perimeter breach are you crazy
I ain't doing nothing let's get Walt
Disney Pictures presents Sinbad and
sworn to protect
sworn to serve little pelvic trust try
this oh are they like that they
like them sworn to be wild I'm a Secret
Service agent I'm not playing
it is yeah dancing fool me Oh since you
were supposed to catch me first kid
you